hi guys it's super in there video and
I'm rushing to make Mount Olympus from
Percy Jackson I'm gonna split this up
into three videos so this is part one
and I'm gonna show you make five of them
so we're gonna start out with this
you're gonna need white pants to get
started with there you're gonna need a
general suit from UM Lego Pirates like
the guy that general not the pirate dude
but the general if you can see that
there um if you see in the background
that's just around so like this I made
so just telling me if you're gonna free
a little bit so you're getting well I'm
just gonna get the chase it's gonna be
gold these are gold puffy things I'm not
sure they're called but they're like
things that you can put on so I just put
this you just put those on on the
shoulders and then you're gonna need a
beard a beer just any old beard it has
to be gray though cuz he's older and
stuff so there he just get that there
and then you're gonna need a general
face you get zoom in there right there
the generals face you just put it in
face like good so this is what it's
supposed to be looking like right now
it's good then you're gonna need long
gray hair from like any set that has
long gray hair like this has got that it
works where you will then you just click
it on so that's right now then for the
lightning Boop you're gonna take a light
saber thing I'm not yeah light saver
then there's gonna be like these weird
prickly things right there so just keep
it there
and then you're gonna take this um thing
I found from Sponge Bob I'm not sure
it's like this kind of watery thing but
I'm not sure it's blue so I'm gonna use
that no clear you gotta use that I'm
gonna click it on put there there's some
news now for his own wife Hera all you
need is to be Jenny Weasley in her own
Harry Potter farm so I'm just gonna make
her that way
just make Jenny Weasley from Harry
Potter and putting her in her robes so
that's just really all you have to do
let's gonna go to the side sorry about
this okay so we're gonna do the side
it's pretty easy I gonna need is um pull
the pants for jeans to lounge around it
I guess and then you're gonna need a
Coast Guard shirt if you can see that
there
it's Coast Guard then you're gonna need
like a like a silver battle armor right
like that I'm gonna covers up so there's
like a blue shirt there then you're
gonna need this face I found from Lego
parts if you could just get that there
it's kind of like that you can see then
you're gonna need just the red playing
baseball cap you can put it sideways or
back ways I'm gonna put its back ways
because I like to have it if I can get
it on there there so it's kind of
covering up like his hair like he's
putting his hairs and stuff so then for
Hades you're gonna need some black pants
with keys on there um kind of from my
Harry Potter sets if you can see back
there
I used this guy I'm not sure he's like
the janitor date I'm not sure and then
you're gonna take severus snape shirt
with his hands and his shirt severus
snape you have those sets for me to
shape like that and then you're gonna
take this um cloak which is like ripped
up sort of just put that over top of it
like that so you can't see it it's like
her pants very good and then you're
gonna need this kind of mug girl face
like he's not very happy this is like
his life cuz he got banned in like that
so that's pretty good and then you're
gonna need like this Chloe thing like
this like that like it's like a cloak
that goes over so like you don't need
hair or anything for his how the
darkness you're just gonna need a night
helmet that I have just kind of like
that it's not that
just playing me back over there by the
way that's his fur we're gonna do
Persephone she's been sent by the rake
I'm not that hard then you're good I'm
first four seven you're gonna need the
same kind of pants you use fur on me um
Sidon just blew then this um football
jersey sort of I'm not sure it says four
on the front but you can use any then
these two I don't think you can find
really anywhere because you're gonna
need a hula girl face from the custom
minifigure sets but they're just too
hard to find
and then like it you have to and then
like I know then you get the hula girls
hair then there's like a flower there's
and she's a daughter of the mentor so
I'm just gonna show you where they go
now so this goes up on the front right
there because he's like the lute ruler
and Harris it's next time then um the
side that's right there then Persephone
sits right here in her little and the
lady sits right there and then yeah bye
so hope you like it bye can't wait for
part 2 bye guys